This is a simple test harness for the TreeView gadget.

It also serves as a simple demonstration for the Tabs gadget, so you'll
need both modules to run it.

Source is included and as of 17 Sep 2008 I've removed the dependencies on a
library that wasn't supplied, so you should be able to recompile the
program. Feel free to use any part of the source code in your own programs
if you wish.


Using this application:

The tabs at the top of the window are provided by the Tabs gadget
module. All you can do is click them and see the different panes be
displayed automatically. The application doesn't need to do anything to
achieve this, in fact you can load the resource file into !ResTest to see
the same effect,

The option icons in the lower half of the window allow you to modify the
gadget's flags. Click the "Get" button to reflect the current flags in the
icons and click "Set" to update the gadget's flags from the icons. The
faded option buttons represent flags that are not yet implemented.

The 4 buttons labelled "parent", "prev", "next" and "child" allow you to
move the tree's current node around. If you set the "show current node"
flag, the current node will be higlighted with a border. This is mainly
intended for debugging purposes.

The two buttons "add node as sibling" and "add node as child" alllow you to
add a new node to the tree relative to the position of the current node.
Enter the new node's text in the first writable icon, its sprite name in
the second and the expanded sprite name in the third box. There's no
facility to set the sprite area used (in the harness) so it will always use
the Wimp sprite pool.

The buttons "get first selected" and "get next selected" enumerate through
the tree's selected nodes, returning the data about the node into the
writable icons.

You can drag a directory from the filer to the harness window and the
application will create a tree reflecting the directory structure. If you
shift drag a directory, only the first level of the directory structure (ie
the contents of the directory but not its subdirectories) will be added to
the tree.

If you ALT-drag any object from a filer window to the TreeView, the
application will report over which node the drag ended (demonstrating the
use of TreeView_FindNode).

The button at the right labelled "expand" calls TreeView_ExpandNode,
expanding or collapsing the current node, according to the option buttons
underneath the action button.

The button labelled "select" calls TreeView_SelectNode, selecting or
deselecting the current node, according to the option buttons underneath
the action button.
